[DOC] Add CLI section to user documentation. (#12802)
Scille/parsec-cloud: docs/cli/invite.rst

.. _doc_cli_invite:

===============================
Invitation related CLI commands
===============================

Definitions

> -----------

Author: title and subtitle are switched

- Claimer: the entity accepting the invitation
- Greeter: the entity coopting the claimer into the organization. May be the creator of the invitation.

General principles
------------------

The invitation follows a 3 step process

> 1. The invitation in created (the used command depends on the type of invitation)

Author: Fix list

.. Parsec Cloud (https://parsec.cloud) Copyright (c) BUSL-1.1 2016-present Scille SAS

.. _doc_cli_invite:
.. cspell:words ZFIHY, SZCA

=======================

> Invitation CLI commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Invite CLI commands
```

=======================

Definitions
-----------
- Claimer: the entity accepting the invitation

> - Greeter: the entity coopting the claimer into the organization. May be the creator of the invitation.

Reviewer: Couple of suggestions:
- I'd use [definition lists](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/basics.html#lists-and-quote-like-blocks)
- I am not 100% sure but I think "coopting" has a somehow negative meaning
- Instead of "entity" I would use "guest" & "host" since these are the terms used in the GUI.
- I'm not sure what you mean by "May be the creator of the invitation", is it that it is not necessarily a different person than the claimer?

```suggestion
Claimer
  The guest accepting the invitation

Greeter
  The host inviting the claimer into the Organization. May be the creator of the invitation.
```

Author: For the entity part it was to be as covering as possible because in case of a device invitation guest/host can be confusing IMO.

And yes the greeter may not have created the invitation.

General principles
------------------

> The invitation follows a 3 step process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The invitation follows a 3 step process:
```

> 1. The invitation in created (the used command depends on the type of invitation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The invitation is created (the command depends on the type of invitation)
```

2. The Claimer uses the invitation link to claim the invitation (with the invite claim command)
3. The Greeter validates the Claimer's claim with the invitation token (with the invite greet command)

Steps 2 and 3 must occur simultaneously because there are synchronization points between
the Claimer and the Greeter. Using the CLI these synchronization points will be noted as a
circling dot and will become a ✔ when the wait will end.

The creation step will provide an invitation link that will be used by the Claimer

> and an invitation token that will be used by the Greeter.

Reviewer: I'd move this above, maybe even as sub-items of step 1
```suggestion
The creation step will provide:

- an invitation link that will be used by the Claimer
- an invitation token that will be used by the Greeter.
```

The invitation may have been send by email depending on the server's configuration.

> But the invitation creator can directly transmit it to the Claimer by any secure channel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The invitation may have been sent by email depending on the server's configuration,
but the invitation creator can directly transmit it to the Claimer by any secure channel.
```

    ✔ Retrieving invitation info
    Invitation greeter: User <user@example.com>
    ✔ Waiting the greeter to start the invitation procedure
    Select code provided by greeter: SZCA
    Code to provide to greeter: 9W6U
    ✔ Waiting for greeter
    Enter device label:
    new_new_device
    ✔ Waiting for greeter
    Enter password for the new device:
    Confirm password:
    New device created:
    78b - Org: User <user@example.com> @ new_new_device

Greet
=====

The user must have access to an existing device and execute this command
while they a claiming the new device.

.. code-block::

    parsec-cli invite greet -d 19f 67d55ad91481d806628782c0ebe6307a`
    Enter password for the device:
    ✔ Poll server for new certificates
    ✔ Retrieving invitation info
    ✔ Waiting for claimer
    Code to provide to claimer: SZCA
    ✔ Waiting for claimer
    Select code provided by claimer: 9W6U
    ✔ Waiting for claimer information
    New device label: [new_new_device]
    ✔ Creating the device in the server

Shared recovery
---------------

Create
======

Claim
=====

Greet
=====

Other

> -----

Reviewer: If you are not documenting it in this PR I would remove it and add it later in another PR.
```suggestion
```

> List ongoing invitations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List pending invitations
```

========================

> List ongoing invitations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following command to list invitations that have been created but not yet completed.
```
